welcome to rebuilding session number
three and so far we're doing kind of
good could easily turn bad at any moment
that's the bad thing dicing we're trying
to find a guy that doesn't have a
frickin 100 mil minimum because I want
to do some 50 miles hey guys 50 50 mil
men ok he tried to follow me ok 50min o
he's an unverified little man wherever
that means I'm a middle man
whoa I need a HEPA slag on soles yes we
had to like so annoying because when I
like PK with the cause and D rocks it
just gets rid of the elements of
surprise is really always lags never put
on the class it just has to be that time
it's been weird thank you Stu Miller
picking up
yeah today's turn 50 ml 2 150 meal
you'll accept gay ok a person is already
going to trade ok 50 mil
any more than 50 mm fine
how the soup idea was it
II okay have your meal
okay just put it all in a night there of
course I'm always I always seem smart
when it comes to dicing hinge I'm just
not and now that we're down along its go
do big one it's random big one you need
bets if this how big you do
I swear if I get a 5762 I'm gonna be a
mad because it's apparently it's a
reroll
oh now I'm downs god is ridiculous
shouldn't be doing this
you're recycling okay put into summer
meals good this could be a really stupid
idea why I'm always losing the big ones
how much you wanted 115 here one bill
your if I win this I'm still down
trade me for in sim yes
yes yay to Bill ok seek out 500 mil I
forget myself back up to you like even
or a little bit higher
he's getting more caching hope he's not
skin
hey rumble thank you very much okay okay
notes bang who this yeah so much my head
now ok 2.6 bill ok let's go bring us
back up